Assistant Xu has not seen luck for a few days
My people dare to touch
College dialect
I dare not offend anyone
How do you feel about your surgery?
Explain it.
Who is he?
Why are you impersonating me?
Pretend to be a year
Miss
Is he the daughter of your aunt Liu Dongwai?
I just got it back two months ago.
Just came up to find mom
Why don't I tell the chairperson first?
Send him away
No, I'd like to see what he still has
Go to assistant
He's already my wife.
I want you to pay attention.
Break up!
I just turned around to find out the situation.
Why don't you come back?
Why don't you wake up?
I'm afraid my mom won't apologize for spoiling me
Okay. Why?
No. How do you eat?
How do I feel?
You know Assistant Xu
Of course, Xu Jing is my dad's assistant
It was my dad who single-handedly promoted him
Okay, I've seen the real daughter
Don't pretend
He is fake
That's my private daughter
That's why I hired people to take care of my family
Okay, whether he is a real daughter or a fake daughter
I only know
She's my wife.
Let's go, let's not pick gifts
I'll have someone press what you wrote
You can send it back.
Now I will take you to buy clothes.